in the same one swore you can ajay
pumpkin and honestly I am too lazy to fiddle and
your I
I do as follows and my wife is very
thin slices one millimeter so they
managed to be amazed and fanned
roasted also follower
It turns out quickly delicious
and let's say not much to learn from the plus
for those who do not like empty la notte
some good is very good such
recipe thin slices pumpkin on
small fire that they redden
too fast but good and good
communicated 2 style happen such patients
by the way very tasty
as far as i am not a cum but if i am
pleasure always
our pumpkin slices are ready on top i
put some peach jam so
how sugar glue I did not lay down and you can
eat anything so small
slices may seem to you
time consuming if you want less cost
time slice the pumpkin very clay
some stripes along the length of the slice and
then it will take less time for you
cooking and roasting bon appetit